AMP-63816 Add EU endpoint to SCIM docs (#750)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/api/en/scim.md

  This guide provides detailed documentation on the specific routes supported by Amplitude's implementation of the [System for Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM) 2.0 Standard](http://www.simplecloud.info/#Specification). This guide pays specific attention to any details useful for debugging issues with a SCIM integration.

  For help integrating the SCIM API with an Identity Provider like Okta or JumpCloud, or help enabling the SCIM API for an Amplitude organization, see [Set up SCIM provisioning in Amplitude](/docs/admin/account-management/scim-provision).
updated_by: 6ca93b88-2d10-44dd-9995-d5f1b5d9151a
updated_at: 1749075038
summary: 'Provision and manage users and groups. This API uses the System for Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM) 2.0 Standard.'
eu_endpoint: 'https://core.eu.amplitude.com/scim/1/'
---
## Considerations
Keep the following in mind as you configure the SCIM API integration.

### Base URL

> Please refer to the **Endpoints** table above to determine the correct base URL to use given your organization's choice of data residency. All routes against this URL can be formed according to the SCIM Standard. This URL doesn't change between organizations, as the SCIM key used in authentication is used to determine which organization the requests are directed toward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See to the **Endpoints** table above to find the correct base URL to use given your organization's choice of data residency. All routes against this URL can be formed according to the SCIM Standard. This URL doesn't change between organizations, as the SCIM key used in authentication is used to determine which organization the requests are directed toward.
```

Author: updated!
